{"publication_number": "US-7972322-B2", "patent_name": "Intravascular line and port cleaning methods, methods of administering an agent intravascularly, methods of obtaining/testing blood, and devices for performing such methods", "abstract": "an intravascular port access device includes a first component having a chamber configured to attach reversibly to an intravenous line port . a second component reversibly attaches to the first component and contains a disinfecting agent and an applicator material . the second component is configured to be reversibly received over external surfaces of the intravenous line port . a method of cleansing an intravenous line port includes providing a port cleaning device having a first component with a chamber containing a first cleaning agent . a second component includes a second cleaning agent . a third component has a microbiocidal agent and is reversibly attached to the first component . the second component is removed from the device , the external surfaces of the port are contacted with the second cleaning agent , the first cleaning agent is ejected from the chamber into the port , and the third component is used to cap the port ."}
{"publication_number": "US-7493745-B2", "patent_name": "Intake and plucking arrangement", "abstract": "an intake and plucking arrangement comprises a rotatable intake device that grasps a standing plant and directs it to a plucking gap . the plucking gap is located above parallel first and second stalk rolls that pull the stalk of the plant downwardly so that the plucking gap can separate the useful parts of the plant from the stalk . the upstream end of the first stalk roll is provided with a lower screw conveyor . a conveyor element is drivingly connected to the screw conveyor . the conveying element comprises an upper screw conveyor that is located above the lower screw conveyor . both screw conveyors are located upstream from and above the inlet end of the plucking slot . the conveying element working in conjunction with the rotatable intake device direct standing plants into the plucking slot ."}
{"publication_number": "US-2005003319-A1", "patent_name": "Dental appliance sequence ordering system and method", "abstract": "the present invention provides systems and methods for providing dental appliances , particularly orthodontic appliances , to a patient wherein the patient is easily able to determine the order or sequence in which the appliances should be worn . typically the appliances are to be worn in a particular sequence to provide desired treatment , such as a progressive movement of teeth through a variety of arrangements to a final desired arrangement ."}
